update the description (#7)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-DxDataGrid-Separate-Edit-Form: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T802173)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Data Grid for Blazor - How to edit a row on a separate page

> This example shows how to create an edit form on a separate page.

Author: ```suggestion
This example creates an edit form on a separate page.

```

![Edit form on a separate page](images/datagrid-with-external-edit-form.gif)

> The example implements the following steps:

Reviewer: I'm not sure how an example can implement 'steps'

> The example shows how to implement the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example shows how to do the following:

```

Reviewer: However, you've already got `This example shows how to`, and now you've got the same again here `The example shows how to` - this is causing confusion
